MAINT:  Fix typos and copy edit NEP-0030. (#14530)
numpy/numpy: doc/neps/nep-0030-duck-array-protocol.rst

arrays. The suggested solution described in the NEP allows libraries to avoid
coercion of a NumPy-like array to a pure NumPy array where necessary, while
still allowing that NumPy-like array libraries that do not wish to implement
the protocol to coerce arrays to a pure NumPy array via ``np.asarray``.

Usage Guidance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Code that uses ``np.duckarray()`` is meant for supporting other ndarray-like objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code that uses ``np.duckarray`` is meant for supporting other ndarray-like objects
```

that "follow the NumPy API". That is an ill-defined concept at the moment --
every known library implements the NumPy API only partly, and many deviate
intentionally in at least some minor ways. This cannot be easily remedied, so
for users of ``np.duckarray`` we recommend the following strategy: check if the

> NumPy functionality used by the code that follows your use of ``np.duckarray`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NumPy functionality used by the code that follows your use of ``np.duckarray``
```

is present in Dask, CuPy and Sparse. If so, it's reasonable to expect any duck
array to work here. If not, we suggest you indicate in your docstring what kinds
of duck arrays are accepted, or what properties they need to have.

Likewise, if you are implementing an array-like class that provides a
``__duckarray__`` method, it is important to document what portion(s) of the

> NumPy API is supported.

Reviewer: Just as a general comment: while I understand that you would like the NEP to be very thorough, I think it's generally unnecessary. IMO, this piece of the NEP is supposed to present guidelines to users (in this case, library developers), rather than tell them how they should manage their projects. I'm not opposed to have this text here, I just think it makes the text unnecessarily longer.

Reviewer 2: agreed, removed again

To exemplify the usage of duck arrays, suppose one wants to take the ``mean()``
of an array-like object ``arr``. Using NumPy to achieve that, one could write
``np.asarray(arr).mean()`` to achieve the intended result. If ``arr`` is not

> a numpy array, this would create a actual numpy array in order to call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a NumPy array, this would create an actual NumPy array in order to call
```

> ``.mean()``. However if the array is an object that is compliant with the NumPy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``.mean()``. However, if the array is an object that is compliant with the NumPy
```

API (either in full or partially) such as a CuPy, Sparse or a Dask array, then

> that copy will have been unnecessary. However, if one were to use the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that copy would have been unnecessary. On the other hand, if one were to use the new
```

> ``__duckarray__`` protocol: ``np.duckarray(arr).mean()``, and arr is an object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``__duckarray__`` protocol: ``np.duckarray(arr).mean()``, and ``arr`` is an object
```

compliant with the NumPy API, it would simply be returned rather than coerced

> into a pure NumPy array, avoiding unnecessary copies and loss of performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a pure NumPy array, avoiding unnecessary copies and potential loss of
performance.
```

``duckarray`` to be introduced in NumPy, and a new method ``__duckarray__`` in
NumPy-like array classes. The new ``__duckarray__`` method shall return the
downstream array-like object itself, such as the ``self`` object, while the
``__array__`` method returns ``TypeError``.  Alternatively, the ``__array__``

> method could create an actual numpy array and return that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method could create an actual NumPy array and return that.
```

            return self

        def __array__(self):

>             return TypeError("NumPyLikeArray can not be converted to a numpy "

Reviewer 3: This should raise a TypeError, not return one. Do we use `NumPyLikeArray` above? I would use either `DuckArray` or `ArrayLike`.

Otherwise seems good. @pentschev do you want to sign the changes off, since it is your NEP?

Reviewer 3: Ah, we had some other fixups in this file, is this already in, can you rebase? (I guess that might be annoying in this case...)

Reviewer: This is a great catch @seberg! I think the `return` statement has been there since the initial proposal and nobody catched it before.

Regarding `NumPyLikeArray`, that's the name of the example class. Since it's just really an example, I particularly don't care if the name remains the same or we change it to one of the proposed suggestions. In general, it has been difficult to find good names, since many of them end up being ambiguous.

>             return TypeError("NumPyLikeArray can not be converted to a numpy "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            return TypeError("NumPyLikeArray can not be converted to a NumPy "
```

>                              "array. YOu may want to use np.duckarray()")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                             "array. You may want to use np.duckarray() instead.")
```
